<p>
Regarding my site, at the beginning I had no idea what I was doing, and because of that I struggled greatly. Luckily, my mother has plenty of experience with code and was able to assist me. Still though, because of distance and our communication platform being zoom, things did not go perfectly and there are still issues with my site, however the more I worked on it the more I understood what I was doing. I am finally at the point of being able to assess the issues and appropriately react, despite my extremely limited experience. Now, my site is functional with few flaws that will be easily fixable granted I have time to improve on it over the summer.
	Based on feedback, I needed to fix the mobile grid layout and some small broken aspects throughout. There are still a few issues regarding the grid, however a quick fix is not possible, it would need some rewriting and given my other finals, I did not have time for it. 
	The largest aspects that I struggled with through this were definitely; the mobile grid, the animations from .animate, and learning how to use several html for several pages. For the mobile grid, it needs a rewrite, however it is functional ENOUGH for the final. Regarding the animations, I did not understand how they worked and ended up trying the most crazy things to make them work, when all I had to do was add one more line of code, however that was extremely relieving to fix. Last but not least, having several html was shocking to me, I didn't even know that was possible, however it was extremely fun to work with once I became familiar with it.
	Branding wise, I decided to take my middle name, Seagrave, and make it into a theme. Previously, I had a more gore-y vibe to my brand, specifically my business card, however I felt that it may be abrasive to new viewers who may not be comfortable with it. I did really love the old design though, so I'm going to attempt to make a “night mode” eventually where it can switch to the “teeth” when the user selects the appropriate button, which I hope to make into an easter egg. Until then, however, it will remain a completely different style. 
</p>